# Multiple Launch Rocket System Simulation

JNR-FFI is a Java library for loading native libraries. The Lambda-4S rocket is a very small orbital launch vehicle from the mid-1900s. Practical calculation of the aerodynamic characteristics of slender finned vehicles. poliastro is an open source (MIT) pure Python library for interactive Astrodynamics and Orbital Mechanics. It provides a simple and intuitive API, and handles physical quantities with units. MAPLEAF 6-DOF Rocket Flight Simulation Framework. GUI_Missile_Flyout is a stand-alone program running under Windows for simulating ballistic missiles with 1, 2, or 3 stages in a framework with a round, rotating Earth. The Cambridge rocketry simulator can be used to produce six-degree-of-freedom simulations of rocket flights, including the parachute descent. Simulations can also be run stochastically, generating splash-down plot. The Cambridge rocketry toolbox is a set of functions that can be run on either Octave or Matlab. OpenRocket is a fully featured model rocket simulator that allows you to design and simulate. RocketPy is the next-generation trajectory simulation solution for High-Power Rocketry. JCuda - Java bindings for CUDA Templates and Python DSLs for High-Performance Linear Algebra. MATLAB/Simulink simulation software for the flight dynamic simulation of an transsonic missile system. JSBSim Manager is a python module for automating the writing of these XML configuration files and running JSBSim efficiently in parallel. This is especially useful when you want to run thousands of simulations in a Monte-Carlo scheme. The Aerobee was a name given to a family of sounding rockets with several variants flow in the 1960's. FC-Udev Flight Software is an open-source project designed to operate and manage model rockets, perfect for rocketeers eager to explore the integration of electronics into their projects. NASA simulation test cases to JSBSim framework. Open Rocket Document (.ord) is a suggested open document standard for describing sounding rockets